have the model. We
have our tools. We
have that submit analysis
tool. and a notify
tool. We're not going
to dive into those.
You can imagine what
they're doing. And then
again, importantly, we're clearing
the agent out, right?
I don't need these
capabilities. Your agent doesn't
need the capabilities. Get
it out of the
context window. Remember, this
all ends up in
the context window, all
right? So we're clearing
out our agent. We're
letting our agent focus,
right? One agent, one
prompt, one purpose, a
max of three turns.
And then we're just
doing deterministic code stuff.
Let's move on to
our responses. You can
see here we have
several different response blocks,